gh-119670: Add 'always' keyword argument to `shlex.quote` (#119674)
python/cpython: Doc/library/shlex.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

> .. function:: quote(s, always=False)

Reviewer: To maximize backward compatibility, I suggest to make the parameter keyword-only:

```suggestion
.. function:: quote(s, *, always=False)
```

Author: For forwards compatibility's sake? (In case new kwargs are added to `quote`?). I'm not sure if this is necessary for any backwards compatibility's sake; I've had a look at PEP-3102, but I'd be fine with this addition.

Author: Addressed in 9e9eff0047d731a42f972e5ee20eec6d30503a30

   Return a shell-escaped version of the string *s*.  The returned value is a
   string that can safely be used as one token in a shell command line, for

>    cases where you cannot use a list. If the *always* keyword argument is

Reviewer: Can you please put your sentence in a new paragraph?

Author: Addressed in 5f74da5d9ec1a24b2663364a974e70cb257016ed

   set to ``True`` then the string *s* will always be escaped, even in the

>    absence of special characters.

Reviewer: You should explain the purpose of the parameter: it's for performance, no?

Author: Addressed in 5f74da5d9ec1a24b2663364a974e70cb257016ed

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

.. function:: quote(s, *, always=False)

   Return a shell-escaped version of the string *s*.  The returned value is a
   string that can safely be used as one token in a shell command line, for
   cases where you cannot use a list.

   If the *always* keyword argument is set to ``True`` then the string *s*
   will always be escaped, even in the absence of special characters. This is

>    nice for uniformity, for example when escaping a list of strings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If *always* is ``True``, then the string *s* is
   unconditionally escaped, even in the absence of
   special characters. This is typically useful for
   uniformly escaping a list of strings:
```
